Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 238 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Beacause Trump and Hillary follow less friends than Jill and Gary do, so they 
may have less common friends. We should compute the percentage of how many friends
in common according to their total amount of friends.







2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

I got two user that is followed by both, one is WhiteHouse and the other is VP(Mike Pence).
Since Trump and Hillary are both former president candidates,there is no wonder that both of them follow
WhiteHouse, so they are rivals before. As for VP, I believe that from Trump's perspective, Mike is his right 
hand, helping him win the election and beacome his vice president, and from Hillary's perspective, maybe in the 
period of election, she can gather some information about her opponents.












3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Because Trump is the president of US, who is the No.1 public figure of US, so he is pretty 
cautious about who he gonna follow. Since Tump follows so few peeple, we have no idea about what real stuff 
that Trump would have insterest in and so that we can not draw a real conclusion that who is tightly connected to 
Trump. 







4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

As we see in the graph, there are 270 nodes in total, leaving out 4 candidates node, 266 left, what we need to do is to get 
the friends of these 266 nodes, which is gonna take us 266/15=17.7 times request, since the rate limiting is 15 times
per 15 minutes and in the last-round request we do it pretty fast, so it will take 17*15=255 minutes.
